oh it is 1018 now I finally just got my
cell phone I got a bit I'm tired anyway
so we got to get ready to go in a little
while I gotta leave at like twelve
o'clock twelve fifteen so we got a
couple hours here before we actually got
to leave so so all you're gonna do what
we gonna do first we got to eat some
breakfast because I'm hungry oh wow
that's Phil I just put the camera down
in the camera and it turned on anyways
some life cereal for breakfast to my
voice is going crazy look at all this
milk i gotta finish before i leave the
milk is right up to there look at you
could see it I got finished our whole
thing before I freaking leave me Oh
tomorrow holy crap bleep tomorrow I got
a prime plane tickets oh sweet went so
fast what's up guys some vlogging and I
got no pants on because my pants are
right there just so you know if you
wanted to know that but I watching I've
been trying to kill a little bit of time
it's currently 1148 and I gotta leave at
probably like 1215 so I don't see how
come how come girls take so long to get
freaking ready for everything man always
gotta wait on girls to get ready all the
time cuz I got to go pick up people to
bring them to the graduation so I gotta
wait and I can't leave early and I got
to actually get some gas on the way so I
can leave a little bit earlier but
anyways I was watching every day
bloggers vlog and they freaking met
Charles Trippy or he did anyway um I am
extremely jealous bro I'm I need to get
up there I meet some more youtubers okay
I've been doing this for way too long to
be succeeding way too little question of
the day now that I got pants on long
socks Oh or short socks I don't have
short socks just pretend here we go or
short sacks leave in the comments below
personally I only wear long socks when
i'm going to something like this a
formal ish event where where I gotta
wear like black side
hate long socks I'm much other where the
little short ankle socks not those
freaking little like half Sox that
people wear with like the what I don't
whatever those little like you know what
I'm talking about those those those
those socks that just like slide on and
they're like just barely cover your feet
and then they like it's like this those
things you get those free trial sock
things at the shoe store those little
things you get that you just put up your
head when you're little you know you did
that I did that look at this beautiful
day and that beautiful son of my
beautiful car this is gonna be a good
day what's up guys graduation is done
and waiting for everybody to freakin
hurry up so we can go to lunch i'm
starving aw crap my phone's going off
now of course as soon as i vlog why are
you bugging me i'm blog and i'm going in
anyways graduation is over it's freaking
hot out here I don't even know what
temperature is but it is hot in this
place right here that's actually a nice
house right there though but anyways we
need to go to lunch I'm tired very tired
and I gotta leave tomorrow not cool I
don't really I he actually I do want to
leave let's just say Florida nothing
like coming home to freaking extremely
dark house because you didn't expect to
be I don't even know how my own light
switch is working my own house hang on a
second here hold on let's get some
lights on so i could see man alright
nothing like coming home to a dark house
cuz you didn't expect to be out this
late geez holy crap that scared the f
out of me I didn't realize that that
light switch is on the other wall oh my
gosh wow that was scary facebook i think
i officially hate you every time I'm
having a great weekend you always have
to ruin my weekend by show me stuff I do
not want to see what what does that ever
happen I know that have as other people
why Facebook newsfeed you are evil